docs(azure): Improve permissions text (#25071)
renovatebot/renovate: lib/modules/platform/azure/index.md

- Contribute
- Contribute to pull requests
- Create branch
- Read

> Make sure that the the user has has the following permission at Project-level:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user must have the following permission at Project-level:
```

- View project-level information

### Linking a work item to the Pull Requests

> If you want Renovate to automatically link an existing work item to the Pull Requests, you can set the `azureWorkItemId` configuration. Make sure the user has the following permissions on the work item's *area path*:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want Renovate to automatically link an existing work item to the Pull Requests, you can set the `azureWorkItemId` configuration.
Make sure the user has the following permissions on the work item's *area path*:
```

- Edit work items in this node
- View work items in this node

> If the user do not have the permissions, pull request creation will succeed but without a link to the work item.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the user does not have these permissions, Renovate still creates a PR but it won't have a link to the work item.
```

### Adding tags to Pull Requests

> Tags can be added to Pull Requests using the `addLabels` configuration. If the tag does not exist in the DevOps project, it will be created automatically during creation of the Pull Request as long as the user has the permissions at Project-level:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Tags can be added to Pull Requests using the `labels` or `addLabels` configurations.
If the tag does not exist in the DevOps project, it will be created automatically during creation of the Pull Request as long as the user has the permissions at Project-level:
```

- Create tag definition

> Otherwise, when a tag does not exist and the user do not have permission to create it, Renovate will output an error during creation of the Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, when a tag does not exist and the user does not have permission to create it, Renovate will output an error during creation of the Pull Request.
```

- Contribute
- Contribute to pull requests
- Create branch
- Read

The user must have the following permission at Project-level:

- View project-level information

### Linking a work item to the Pull Requests

If you want Renovate to automatically link an existing work item to the Pull Requests, you can set the `azureWorkItemId` configuration.

> Make sure the user has the following permissions on the work item's *area path*:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure the user has the following permissions on the work item's _area path_:
```

- Edit work items in this node
- View work items in this node

If the user does not have these permissions, Renovate still creates a PR but it won't have a link to the work item.

### Adding tags to Pull Requests

Tags can be added to Pull Requests using the `labels` or `addLabels` configurations.
If the tag does not exist in the DevOps project, it will be created automatically during creation of the Pull Request as long as the user has the permissions at Project-level:

- Create tag definition

> Otherwise, when a tag does not exist and the user does not have permission to create it, Renovate will output an error during creation of the Pull Request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Otherwise, when a tag does not exist and the user does not have permission to create it, Renovate will output an error during creation of the Pull Request.

```
